[theme music playing]
[ducks quacking]
[panting]
Hold up, fellows.
I'm pacing myself. Too fast for this duck.
[grunting]
You know, this flying south business is for the birds.
What would be nice is spending winter
in a cozy domicile like that.
Hmm, I need a plan to get in there.
[door opens]
Aha!
I got it.
[thuds]
[knock on door]
Oh, a mysterious package.
I better bwing it directly inside my house to investigate it.
Now let's see.
"Dear Elmer, you don't know me,
but I'm your long lost,
vewy, vewy, vewy, vewy,
vewy, vewy, vewy rich uncle, Wufus.
I am going on a luxurious trip for the winter,
and I need you to take care of my beloved pet duck.
If you do this, I will give you one million dollars."
Oh, there's more.
"P.S. Make sure nothing happens to my little duck.
Otherwise you get no money."
Oh, boy! Oh boy! I'm going to be a rich! Rich!
Although I never knew I had an Uncle Wufus.
Ah, but who cares? I'm going to be wich!
Oh, let's see that waddling windfall.
Oh, you're so cute.
I'm gonna take such good care of you,
you little golden ticket, you.
Would you like something to eat?
Would I? Sounds great, bub! Woo hoo hoo!
This, this, and some of these. and this, some of those.
And Houston, we have a T-Bone!
Now, now. That's not for you, duck.
[screams] My arm! I think you broke my arm.
[exclaiming in pain] It's gone numb!
I can't feel my arm.
I feel nothing.
[Daffy] Seriously. Do you feel this? Or this?
How 'bout this? 'Cause I can't.
Oh, my goodness.
[crying]
Wait until I tell rich Uncle Rufus about how you hurt me.
Then you'll never get your filthy blood money.
Huh? No money?
I'm so sorry, Mr. Duck.
It was an accident. Please don't tell Uncle Wufus.
You're lucky I'll eat anything off the floor.
One more slip-up like that and it's bye-bye one million bucks.
Oh, of course, Mr. Duck.
I pwomise I'll be good.
Not the most comfortable couch.
Oh, if you'd like, I can get a foam pillow from the other room.
That's nice, but it's okay. I can handle this.
My couch!
What are you doing?
Listen, Mac, I'm accustomed to a certain lifestyle,
so you're gonna need to provide me with some furnishments
that are nice and uh, soft
and squishy, spongy...
silky...
supple.
So, uh, how badly do you want this million dollars anyway?
-Oh, vewy, vewy, vewy badly. -Right!
[Elmer grunts]
Now this is comfort.
-[TV beeps] -[announcer on TV]  It's The Jump Up and Down Show!
Oh man! I love that program!
[announcer on TV] Up! Down! Up! Down!
[announcer and Daffy] Up! Down! Up! Down!
-Up. Down-- -Enough!
Oh, no. My retirement plan!
I'll save you.
Well, that was an exhausting ordeal.
Now I have to take a nap.
Don't make too much noise.
You wake me up and I'm making a big, fat phone call to Uncle Rudolph.
Uncle Wudolph? Isn't it Uncle Wufus?
Uncle Rudolph, Uncle Rufus.
People change their names so much nowadays.
All right, I'm hitting the hay, Elmo.
Something fishy is going on here.
[phone ringing]
Hello, Mom.
Do we have a long lost wich uncle, Wufus?
[Daffy] Well, yes, of course we do.
-Weawwy? -Weawwy.
And he has this amazing pet duck, too.
A fine animal.
So quick. So smart.
Handsome. Yes, sir.
He is one magnificent mallard.
Anyway, Uncle Wufus is real
so you better stop scwewing awound
if you want that one million bucks.
And stay out, you dirty twister.
[door slams]
[phone ringing]
-Hello. -Hello.
This is your vewy, vewy, vewy, wich Uncle Wufus.
Oh, "Uncle Wufus," you big phony!
I'm onto your twicks, duck.
Excuse me?
Oh, don't pway stupid with me, stupid!
You can take your money and shove it.
I know you're not weal.
In fact, you are a crazy duck!
You've always been a crazy duck, you'll always be a crazy duck.
And nothing more.
I hope you drown on a pond, you horrible--
[breaks glass]
Uncle Wufus?
-You are weal? -He is real?
You're darn right I'm real and so is my prized pet,
who you'd better be taking very good care of, by the way!
And you really sent me a duck?
Duck? I don't have a pet duck.
I sent you my pet gorilla!
Hungry!
Flying south doesn't feel so bad after all.
You said it!
[theme music playing]
[narrator] In the English countryside, there lies a rock
with a sword firmly embedded in its face.
Whomsoever should pull this sword out of the rock,
will be king of all of England.
Many a strong knight
have made an attempt but nary have been successful.
It's gonna be me, you loud mouth idjit!
[narrator]  Who said that?
Down here!
I can do it. Me! Sir Samuel of Yosemite.
I'm the roughest, toughest take no guff'est knight in all the land.
Ah! Out of my way!
King coming through. [grunts]
[grunts]
Aah!
[groans]
I know what can blast the sword out of that rock.
A poifect breakfast.
Only thing left is to butter this toast.
Now, where's that's screwy butter knife?
Well, what do you know?
I'll just borrow this.
How convenient.
[singing]
♪ Eggs and toasty ♪
♪ Breakfast is the meal That I love the mosty ♪
What? Where'd it go?
Thanks, Doc! It's all yours.
[continues singing]
[exclaims]
I need that sword, you donkey eared carrot pig!
Hey, my breakfast!
Listen here, rabbit.
I'm gonna break by fist
on your face if you don't get me that sword!
Now go pull that sword outta the rock so as I can be king.
It's easy. See?
Give me! Give me! Give me! [grunts]
Ah, say Charlie, these yours?
He sure is persistent. I gotta hand it to him.
[laughs]
That darn rabbit could get the sword easily.
But maybe I can trick him into pulling it out for me.
Oh, Mr. Strong Confident Rabbit,
I was just wondering
if somebody as generous and empathetic as you are,
might help a poor swordsman like me
pull a tiny, insignificant little sword out of a rock.
So what do you say, rabbit?
-Okay. -Okay?
-Well, all right. -But...
-You gotta kiss my foot first. -Foot?
If you think I'm kissing a smelly,
fungus infested foot of a filthy varmint,
-you're out of your mind! -Shame.
You'd make a good king with that sword.
Oh, okay rabbit.
I'll do it!
[electricity buzzing]
[laughs] Ain't I a medieval miscreant?
Oh, that tears it!
I'm gonna murdalize you if you don't get me that sword!
You could do it yourself, Doc.
-You just ain't warmed up is all. -I'm not?
You got to start small. Practice pulling on that carrot.
Great. Now pull on that bush.
Great. Now pull out that rock.
[chuckles nervously]
I'll just put that right back--
Well, looks like you're all warmed up.
So I'm going to leave.
[laughs] What a dark age doofus!
-What a-- -[growls]
[metal clanking]
[roaring]
Oh, yoo-hoo!
Looking for this?
Don't you want to be king?
Come out and flight like a man, rabbit!
I bid you good night, Sir Knight.
Ain't I a--
No need to get your chain mail in a twist.
I'll give you the sword.
It's mine!
Now, Sir Samuel of Yosemite is the king.
Oy, look, everyone! There's our king.
Why, yes, that is me, your king.
Yeah, he's the tyrant that's been oppressing us
and impeding our freedom.
Get him!
[crowd clamoring]
I thought being king was supposed to be easy.
What a load of monarchy!
[theme music playing]